# Installer Download Links

## Ubuntu Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9PDXGNCFSCZV

## Ubuntu (Preview) Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9P7BDVKVNXZ6

## Ubuntu 24.04.1 LTS Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9NZ3KLHXDJP5

## Ubuntu 22.04.5 LTS Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9PN20MSR04DW

## Ubuntu 20.04.6 LTS Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9MTTCL66CPXJ

## Ubuntu 18.04.6 LTS Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9PNKSF5ZN4SW

## Debian Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9MSVKQC78PK6

## Kali Linux Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9PKR34TNCV07

## Oracle Linux 9.5 Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9NL3F53JZ3HX

## Oracle Linux 9.4 Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9PMC1FJR3JF3

## Oracle Linux 9.3 Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9N5MGJ01CVXC

## Oracle Linux 9.2 Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9P068SN43NBQ

## Oracle Linux 9.1 Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9N6CN5STZRX6

## Oracle Linux 9 Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9MXQ65HLMC27

## Oracle Linux 8.10 Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9MVFWTCT78ZN

## Oracle Linux 8.9 Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9PP4JL775K1G

## Oracle Linux 8.8 Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9NPBTNKMPVVV

## Oracle Linux 8.7 Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9NGGZVB0BKD9

## Oracle Linux 8.6 Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9PGKJC9GPP2S

## Oracle Linux 8.5 Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9P06H18WXBVP

## Oracle Linux 7.9 Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9P7L0QWBSLTK

## openSUSE Leap 15.6 Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9PDTJHBQRQPF

## openSUSE Tumbleweed Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9MSSK2ZXXN11

## SUSE Linux Enterprise 15 SP6 Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9N738KZGNB91

## easyWSL Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9NHBTMKS47RB

## electerm Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9NCN7272GTFF

## Xbox Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9MV0B5HZVK9Z

## Watt Toolkit Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9MTCFHS560NG

## Microsoft PC Manager Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9PM860492SZD

## Microsoft 365 Copilot Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9WZDNCRD29V9

## OneNote Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/XPFFZHVGQWWLHB

## WPS Office Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/XPDFBF0G6M2W2C

## Snipping Tool Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9MZ95KL8MR0L

## Microsoft Clipchamp Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9P1J8S7CCWWT

## MPEG-2 Video Extension Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9N95Q1ZZPMH4

## Windows Camera Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9WZDNCRFJBBG

## Windows Media Player Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9WZDNCRFJ3PT

## Windows Notepad Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9MSMLRH6LZF3

## Paint Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9PCFS5B6T72H

## Microsoft Photos Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9WZDNCRFJBH4

## Microsoft Bing Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9NZBF4GT040C

## Movies & TV Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9WZDNCRFJ3P2

## Power Automate Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9NFTCH6J7FHV

## AVC Encoder Video Extension Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9PB0TRCNRHFX

## Windows Terminal Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9N0DX20HK701

## Windows Terminal Preview Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9N8G5RFZ9XK3

## Outlook for Windows Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9NRX63209R7B

## Microsoft OneDrive Installer

https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/XP897HS6D4QVCV

## PowerShell Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9MZ1SNWT0N5D

## PowerShell Preview Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9P95ZZKTNRN4

## Windows Scan Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9WZDNCRFJ3PV

## Windows Sound Recorder Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9WZDNCRFHWKN

## MSN Weather Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9WZDNCRFJ3Q2

## Windows Clock Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9WZDNCRFJ3PR

## 3D Viewer Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9NBLGGH42THS

## Microsoft Sticky Notes Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9NBLGGH4QGHW

## Microsoft To Do Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9NBLGGH5R558

## Windows Calculator Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9WZDNCRFHVN5

## DevToys Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9PGCV4V3BK4W

## DevToys-Preview Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9NBN8W1DS547

## Microsoft PowerToys Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/XP89DCGQ3K6VLD

## Visual Studio Code Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/XP9KHM4BK9FZ7Q

## Microsoft Family Safety Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9PDJDJS743XF

## Microsoft News Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9WZDNCRFHVFW

## 中文(简体)本地体验包 Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9NRMNT6GMZ70

## Quick Assist Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9P7BP5VNWKX5

## Power Automate Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9NFTCH6J7FHV

## Feedback Hub Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9NBLGGH4R32N

## Sysinternals Suite Installer
https://get.microsoft.com/installer/download/9P7KNL5RWT25

# Detail Links

## Windows Subsystem for Linux
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9p9tqf7mrm4r

## Xbox Game Bar
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9nzkpstsnw4p

## Xbox Game Bar Plugin
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9nblggh537c2

## Xbox Identity Provider
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9wzdncrd1hkw

## Xbox TCUI
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9nknc0ld5nn6

## 获取帮助
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9pkdzbmv1h3t

## 邮件和日历
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9wzdncrfhvqm

## Microsoft 人脉
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9nblggh10pg8

## Microsoft 使用技巧
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9wzdncrdtbjj

## Widgets Platform Runtime
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9n3rk8zv2zr8

## SenarySmartAudio
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9nlfx0dn7v4p

## DTS Audio Processing
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9p2klrftzqhq

## DTS Headphone:X v1
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9pfndb3vh40p

## AMD Radeon Software
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9nz1bjqn6bhl

## Cortana
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9nffx4szz23l

## 跨设备体验主机
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9ntxgkq8p7n0

## 手机连接
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9nmpj99vjbwv

## 应用安装程序
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9nblggh4nns1

## HEIF 图像扩展
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9pmmsr1cgpwg

## 来自设备制造商的 HEVC 视频扩展
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9n4wgh0z6vhq

## Windows 地图
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9wzdncrdtbvb

## AV1 视频扩展
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9mvzqvxjbq9v

## Speech Pack - English (United States)
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9pf3qc8dvgvd

## Speech Pack - Chinese (Simplified)
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9pckn02d9w85

## Windows Web Experience Pack
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9mssgkg348sp

## Microsoft Solitaire Collection
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9wzdncrfhwd2

## 游戏服务
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9mwpm2cqnlhn

## WebP 映像扩展
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9pg2dk419drg

## VP9 视频扩展
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9n4d0msmp0pt

## Web 媒体扩展
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9n5tdp8vcmhs

## 原始图像扩展
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9nctdw2w1bh8

## Microsoft Store
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9wzdncrfjbmp

## 小爱同学
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9mw76kfhnz0c

## Office 家庭和学生版 2021
https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/cfq7ttc0h8n8

<!-- `marked --gfm --breaks` -->